# Character

Inherits from Object. Character is the base class that Human, Titan, and Shifter inherit from.

Only character owner can modify fields and call functions unless otherwise specified.

### Fields

<table><thead><tr><th width="195.33333333333331">Field</th><th width="118">Type</th><th width="112">Readonly</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Player</td><td>Player</td><td>true</td><td>The player who owns this character.</td></tr><tr><td>IsMine</td><td>bool</td><td>true</td><td>Character belongs to my player.</td></tr><tr><td>IsMainCharacter</td><td>bool</td><td>true</td><td>Character belongs to my player and is the main character (the camera-followed player). </td></tr><tr><td>IsAI</td><td>bool</td><td>true</td><td>If the Character is AI.</td></tr><tr><td>ViewID</td><td>int</td><td>true</td><td>The network view ID of the character. This is synced with the room.</td></tr><tr><td>Transform</td><td>Transform</td><td>true</td><td>The Unity transform of the character.</td></tr><tr><td>Position</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Position of the character.</td></tr><tr><td>Rotation</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Rotation of the character.</td></tr><tr><td>QuaternionRotation</td><td>Quaternion</td><td>false</td><td>Quaternion rotation of the character.</td></tr><tr><td>Velocity</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Velocity of the character.</td></tr><tr><td>Forward</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Forward direction of the character.</td></tr><tr><td>Right</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Right direction of the character.</td></tr><tr><td>Up</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Up direction of the character.</td></tr><tr><td>HasTargetDirection</td><td>bool</td><td>true</td><td>If the character has a target direction it is turning towards.</td></tr><tr><td>TargetDirection</td><td>Vector3</td><td>true</td><td>The character's target direction.</td></tr><tr><td>Team</td><td>string</td><td>false</td><td>Team character belongs to ("None", "Blue", "Red", "Titan", "Human"). This can be set to any string, so any combination of teams is allowed. If modified, it takes priority over the Team field under Player.</td></tr><tr><td>Name</td><td>string</td><td>false</td><td>The display name of the character. If modified, it will affect world name (if human) and feed name. All changes are local, and can be modified by non-owners.</td></tr><tr><td>Guild</td><td>string</td><td>false</td><td>The guild name of the character. Same restrictions as Name.</td></tr><tr><td>Health</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Character's current health. Cannot be set higher than MaxHealth.</td></tr><tr><td>MaxHealth</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Character's maximum health.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomDamageEnabled</td><td>bool</td><td>false</td><td>Is custom damage dealing enabled.</td></tr><tr><td>CustomDamage</td><td>int</td><td>false</td><td>Amount of custom damage to deal per attack.</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentAnimation</td><td>string</td><td>true</td><td>Read the character's current playing animation. Returns empty string if no animation playing.</td></tr><tr><td>Grounded</td><td>bool</td><td>false</td><td>Read whether the character is currently grounded - updated every fixed update.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Functions

<table><thead><tr><th width="254.33333333333331">Function</th><th width="94">Returns</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>GetKilled(killer: string)</td><td>null</td><td>Kills the character. Callable by non-owners.</td></tr><tr><td>GetDamaged(killer: string, damage: int)</td><td>null</td><td>Damages the character and kills it if its health reaches 0. Callable by non-owners.</td></tr><tr><td>Emote(emote: string)</td><td>null</td><td>Causes the character to emote. The list of available emotes is the same as those shown in the in-game emote menu.</td></tr><tr><td>PlayAnimation(animation: string, fade: optional float)</td><td>null</td><td>Causes the character to play an animation.  If the fade parameter is provided, will crossfade the animation by this timestep. Available animations can be found here: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AoTTG-2/Aottg2-Unity/refs/heads/main/Assets/Scripts/Characters/Human/HumanAnimations.cs">Human</a>, <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AoTTG-2/Aottg2-Unity/refs/heads/main/Assets/Scripts/Characters/Titan/BasicTitanAnimations.cs">Titan</a>, <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AoTTG-2/Aottg2-Unity/refs/heads/main/Assets/Scripts/Characters/Shifters/Annie/AnnieAnimations.cs">Annie</a>, <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AoTTG-2/Aottg2-Unity/refs/heads/main/Assets/Scripts/Characters/Shifters/Eren/ErenAnimations.cs">Eren</a>. Use the right-hand string value for the animation.</td></tr><tr><td>GetAnimationLength(animation: string)</td><td>float</td><td>Gets the length of animation.</td></tr><tr><td>PlaySound(sound: string)</td><td>null</td><td>Plays a sound if present in the character. Available sound names can be found here: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AoTTG-2/Aottg2-Unity/refs/heads/main/Assets/Scripts/Characters/Human/HumanSounds.cs">Humans</a>, <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AoTTG-2/Aottg2-Unity/refs/heads/main/Assets/Scripts/Characters/Shifters/ShifterSounds.cs">Shifters</a>, <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AoTTG-2/Aottg2-Unity/refs/heads/main/Assets/Scripts/Characters/Titan/TitanSounds.cs">Titans</a>. Note that shifters also have all titan sounds.</td></tr><tr><td>StopSound(sound: string)</td><td>null</td><td>Stops the sound.</td></tr><tr><td>LookAt(position: Vector3)</td><td>null</td><td>Rotates the character such that it is looking towards a world position.</td></tr><tr><td>AddForce(force: Vector3, mode[optional]: string)</td><td>null</td><td>Adds a force to the character with given force vector and optional mode. Valid modes are Force, Acceleration, Impulse, VelocityChange with default being Acceleration.</td></tr><tr><td>Reveal(duration: float)</td><td>null</td><td>Adds a white outline visible through walls on the character for <code>duration</code> seconds.</td></tr><tr><td>AddOutline(color: Color, mode: string)</td><td>null</td><td>Adds an outline effect with the given color and mode. Valid modes are: <code>OutlineAll</code>, <code>OutlineVisible</code>, <code>OutlineHidden</code>, <code>OutlineAndSilhouette</code>, <code>SilhouetteOnly</code>, <code>OutlineAndLightenColor</code></td></tr><tr><td>RemoveOutline()</td><td>null</td><td>Removes the outline effect from the character.</td></tr></tbody></table>

