# Human

Inherits from Character.

Only character owner can modify fields and call functions unless otherwise specified.

### Fields

<table><thead><tr><th width="224.33333333333331">Field</th><th width="116">Type</th><th width="109">Readonly</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Weapon</td><td>string</td><td>true</td><td>Human's current weapon ("Blade", "AHSS", "Thunderspear", "APG").</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentGas</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Current gas. Cannot be set higher than max gas.</td></tr><tr><td>MaxGas</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Max gas.</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentBlade</td><td>int</td><td>false</td><td>Current number of blades left. Cannot be set higher than max blades.</td></tr><tr><td>MaxBlade</td><td>int</td><td>false</td><td>Max number of blades. </td></tr><tr><td>CurrentBladeDurability</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Current blade durability. Cannot be set higher than max durability. Breaks blades when set to 0.</td></tr><tr><td>MaxBladeDurability</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Maximum blade durability.</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentAmmoRound</td><td>int</td><td>false</td><td>Current ammo in current round.</td></tr><tr><td>MaxAmmoRound</td><td>int</td><td>false</td><td>Max ammo per round.</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentAmmoLeft</td><td>int</td><td>false</td><td>Current ammo left.</td></tr><tr><td>MaxAmmoTotal</td><td>int</td><td>false</td><td>Maximum total ammo.</td></tr><tr><td>Acceleration</td><td>int</td><td>false</td><td>Acceleration stat.</td></tr><tr><td>Speed</td><td>int</td><td>false</td><td>Run speed stat.</td></tr><tr><td>HorseSpeed</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Horse run speed.</td></tr><tr><td>IsMounted</td><td>bool</td><td>true</td><td>Is the human mounted to an object (does not count horses)</td></tr><tr><td>MountedMapObject</td><td>MapObject</td><td>true</td><td>Returns the current mounted map object.</td></tr><tr><td>MountedTransform</td><td>Transform</td><td>true</td><td>Returns the current mounted transform.</td></tr><tr><td>CurrentSpecial</td><td>string</td><td>true</td><td>Returns the current special.</td></tr><tr><td>AutoRefillGas</td><td>bool</td><td>true</td><td>If the human has the input setting AutoRefillGas enabled. Character owner only.</td></tr><tr><td>State</td><td>string</td><td>true</td><td>Animation state of the human. Valid states are: Idle, Attack, GroundDodge, AirDodge, Reload, Refill, Die, Grab, EmoteAction, SpecialAttack, SpecialAction, Slide, Run, Land, MountingHorse, Stun, WallSlide.</td></tr><tr><td>CanDodge</td><td>bool</td><td>false</td><td>Disables/Enables dodging.</td></tr><tr><td>LeftHookEnabled</td><td>bool</td><td>false</td><td>Disables/Enables the left hook.</td></tr><tr><td>RightHookEnabled</td><td>bool</td><td>false</td><td>Disables/Enables the right hook.</td></tr><tr><td>IsInvincible</td><td>bool</td><td>false</td><td>Disables/Enables whether human is invincible.</td></tr><tr><td>InvincibleTimeLeft</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Amount of time before IsInvincible is set to false.</td></tr><tr><td>SpecialCooldown</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Maximum cooldown on special ability.</td></tr><tr><td>ShifterLiveTime</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>If shifter special is equipped, how much live time for transforming.</td></tr><tr><td>SpecialCooldownRatio</td><td>float</td><td>true</td><td>Ratio of CurrentCooldown / SpecialCooldown. 1.0 Means ability is ready.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Functions

<table><thead><tr><th width="258.3333333333333">Function</th><th width="94">Returns</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Refill()</td><td>bool</td><td>Causes the human to enter refill animation and refreshes all gas/ammo at the end. Returns true if the human actually needed refill.</td></tr><tr><td>RefillImmediate()</td><td>null</td><td>Immediately refreshes all gas/ammo without animation.</td></tr><tr><td>ClearHooks()</td><td>null</td><td>Causes the human to disable both hooks if any are active.</td></tr><tr><td>ClearLeftHook()</td><td>null</td><td>Causes the human to disable the left hook if it is active.</td></tr><tr><td>ClearRightHook()</td><td>null</td><td>Causes the human to disable the right hook if it is active.</td></tr><tr><td>MountMapObject(obj: MapObject, positionOffset: Vector3, rotationOffset: Vector3)</td><td>null</td><td>Mounts the human to the given MapObject.</td></tr><tr><td>MountTransform(obj: Transform, positionOffset: Vector3, rotationOffset: Vector3)</td><td>null</td><td>Mounts the human to the given Transform.</td></tr><tr><td>Unmount()</td><td>null</td><td>Unmounts the human from an object.</td></tr><tr><td>SetSpecial(special: string)</td><td>null</td><td>Sets the human special. Available specials can be found <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AoTTG-2/Aottg2-Unity/refs/heads/main/Assets/Scripts/Characters/Human/HumanSpecials.cs">here</a>. Example: Potato</td></tr><tr><td>ActivateSpecial()</td><td>null</td><td>Triggers the special to activate.</td></tr><tr><td>SetWeapon(weapon: string)</td><td>null</td><td>Sets the human weapon. (see Game.Loadouts to get allowed loadouts for the current room settings). Valid loadouts are Blades, AHSS, APG, Thunderspears.</td></tr><tr><td>DisablePerks()</td><td>null</td><td>Disables all perks.</td></tr></tbody></table>

