# MapObject

Inherits from Object. MapObject represents a map object created in the editor.

### Fields

<table><thead><tr><th width="175.33333333333331">Field</th><th width="120">Type</th><th width="104">Readonly</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Name</td><td>string</td><td>true</td><td>Name of the map object.</td></tr><tr><td>Position</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Position of the map object.</td></tr><tr><td>LocalPosition</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Local position of the map object. This is the same as Position if there is no parent.</td></tr><tr><td>Rotation</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Rotation of the map object.</td></tr><tr><td>LocalRotation</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Local rotation of the map object. This is the same as Rotation if there is no parent.</td></tr><tr><td>QuaternionRotation</td><td>Quaternion</td><td>false</td><td>Quaternion rotation of the map object.</td></tr><tr><td>QuaternionLocalRotation</td><td>Quaternion</td><td>false</td><td>Quaternion local rotation of the map object.</td></tr><tr><td>Forward</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Forward vector of the map object.</td></tr><tr><td>Up</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Up vector of the map object.</td></tr><tr><td>Right</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Right vector of the map object.</td></tr><tr><td>Scale</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>Scale of the map object.</td></tr><tr><td>Parent</td><td>MapObject</td><td>false</td><td>Parent of the map object. Returns null if there is no parent.</td></tr><tr><td>Active</td><td>bool</td><td>false</td><td>Whether or not the map object is active.</td></tr><tr><td>Static</td><td>bool</td><td>true</td><td>Whether or not the map object is static.</td></tr><tr><td>Transform</td><td>Transform</td><td>true</td><td>Gets the transform component of the map object.</td></tr><tr><td>Color</td><td>Color</td><td>false</td><td>The main color of the map object.</td></tr><tr><td>ID</td><td>int</td><td>true</td><td>The ID of the map object.</td></tr><tr><td>HasRenderer</td><td>bool</td><td>true</td><td>Whether the MapObject has a renderer attached.</td></tr><tr><td>TextureTilingX</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Sets the texture tiling x of the first renderer. Throws an exception if it does not exist or is static.</td></tr><tr><td>TextureTilingY</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Sets the texture tiling y of the first renderer. Throws an exception if it does not exist or is static.</td></tr><tr><td>TextureOffsetX</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Sets the texture offset x of the first renderer. Throws an exception if it does not exist or is static.</td></tr><tr><td>TextureOffsetY</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Sets the texture offset y of the first renderer. Throws an exception if it does not exist or is static.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Functions

<table><thead><tr><th width="248.33333333333331">Function</th><th width="119">Returns</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>GetComponent(name: string)</td><td>Component</td><td>Gets the component with given name.</td></tr><tr><td>AddComponent(name: string)</td><td>Component</td><td>Adds the component to the object, calls Init, and returns the component.</td></tr><tr><td>RemoveComponent(name: string)</td><td>null</td><td>Removes the component if found on the object.</td></tr><tr><td>SetComponentEnabled(name: string, enabled: bool)</td><td>null</td><td>Sets the attached component to enabled or not.</td></tr><tr><td>SetComponentsEnabled(enabled: bool)</td><td>null</td><td>Sets all attached components to enabled or not.</td></tr><tr><td>GetChild(name: string)</td><td>MapObject</td><td>Gets the child with given name.</td></tr><tr><td>GetChildren()</td><td>List</td><td>Gets a list of direct children of the map object.</td></tr><tr><td>GetTransform(name: string)</td><td>Transform</td><td>Gets the child transform with given name.</td></tr><tr><td>AddSphereCollider(collideMode: string, collideWith: string, center: Vector3, radius: float)</td><td>null</td><td>Adds a sphere collider with given mode, collide, center, and radius. Valid collide modes are "Physical", "Region", "None". Valid collide with are "All", "MapObjects", "Characters", "Projectiles", "Titans", "Humans", "Entities", "Hitboxes". </td></tr><tr><td>AddBoxCollider(collideMode: string, collideWith: string, center: Vector3, size: Vector3)</td><td>null</td><td>Adds a box collider with given mode, collide, center, and size. Removing center and size fields will attempt to auto-size the collider to the bounds of the object.</td></tr><tr><td>AddSphereTarget(team: string, center: Vector3, radius: float)</td><td>MapTargetable</td><td>Adds a sphere collider as a region with the layer of "HitBoxes" and sets it as a targetable object. See MapTargetable for more details.</td></tr><tr><td>AddBoxTarget(team: string, center: Vector3, size: Vector3)</td><td>MapTargetable</td><td>Adds a boxcollider as a region with the layer of "HitBoxes" and sets it as a targetable object.</td></tr><tr><td>SetColorAll(color: Color)</td><td>null</td><td>Sets all colors on the MapObject.</td></tr><tr><td>InBounds(position: Vector3)</td><td>bool</td><td>Returns true if the position is inside the bounds of the MapObject's colliders.</td></tr><tr><td>GetBoundsAverageCenter</td><td>Vector3</td><td>Gets the center of all of the bounds of all hitboxes on the object. Returns Vector3.Zero if there are no colliders.</td></tr><tr><td>GetBoundsCenter</td><td>Vector3</td><td>Gets the center of the first (main) hitbox on the object. Use this for objects with a single model/collider (geometry). Returns null if there are no colliders.</td></tr><tr><td>GetBoundsSize</td><td>Vector3</td><td>Gets the size of the bounds. Returns null if there are no colliders.</td></tr><tr><td>GetBoundsMin</td><td>Vector3</td><td>Gets the lower corner of the Bounds. Returns null if there are no colliders.</td></tr><tr><td>GetBoundsMax</td><td>Vector3</td><td>Gets the upper corner of the Bounds. Returns null if there are no colliders.</td></tr><tr><td>GetCorners</td><td>List(Vector3)</td><td>Gets all eight corners of the bounds. Returns null if there are no colliders.</td></tr></tbody></table>

