# Shifter

Inherits from Character.

Only character owner can modify fields and call functions unless otherwise specified.

### Fields

<table><thead><tr><th width="224.33333333333331">Field</th><th width="99">Type</th><th width="109">Readonly</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Size</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Shifter's size.</td></tr><tr><td>DetectRange</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>(AI) shifter's detect range.</td></tr><tr><td>FocusRange</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>(AI) shifter's focus range.</td></tr><tr><td>FocusTime</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>(AI) shifter's focus time before switching targets.</td></tr><tr><td>RunSpeedBase</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Shifter's base run speed. Final run speed is RunSpeedBase + Size * RunSpeedPerLevel.</td></tr><tr><td>WalkSpeedBase</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Shifter's base walk speed. Final walk speed is WalkSpeedBase + Size * WalkSpeedPerLevel.</td></tr><tr><td>RunSpeedPerLevel</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Shifter's run speed added per level.</td></tr><tr><td>WalkSpeedPerLevel</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Shifter's walk speed added per level.</td></tr><tr><td>TurnSpeed</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Shifter's turn speed when running turn animation.</td></tr><tr><td>RotateSpeed</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Shifter's rotate speed when rotating body.</td></tr><tr><td>JumpForce</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Shifter's jump force when jumping.</td></tr><tr><td>ActionPause</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Shifter's pause delay after performing an action.</td></tr><tr><td>AttackPause</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Shifter's pause delay after performing an attack.</td></tr><tr><td>TurnPause</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Shifter's pause delay after performing a turn.</td></tr><tr><td>FarAttackCooldown</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>(AI) Shifter's cooldown after performing a ranged attack.</td></tr><tr><td>AttackWait</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>(AI) Shifter's wait time between being in range to attack and performing the attack.</td></tr><tr><td>AttackSpeedMultiplier</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Shifter's attack animation speed.</td></tr><tr><td>UsePathfinding</td><td>bool</td><td>false</td><td>(AI) Shifter uses pathfinding.</td></tr><tr><td>NapePosition</td><td>Vector3</td><td>true</td><td>The shifter's nape position.</td></tr><tr><td>DeathAnimLength</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>The length of the death animation.</td></tr></tbody></table>

### Functions

<table><thead><tr><th width="263.3333333333333">Function</th><th width="94">Returns</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Blind()</td><td>null</td><td>Causes the shifter to enter the blind state.</td></tr><tr><td>Cripple()</td><td>null</td><td>Causes the shifter to enter the cripple state.</td></tr><tr><td>MoveTo(position: Vector3, ignoreEnemies: bool)</td><td>null</td><td>Causes the (AI) shifter to move towards a position. If ignoreEnemies is true, will not engage enemies along the way.</td></tr><tr><td>Target(enemy: Character | MapTargetable, focusTime: float)</td><td>null</td><td>Causes the (AI) shifter to target an enemy character or MapTargetable for focusTime seconds. If focusTime is 0 it will use the default focus time.</td></tr><tr><td>Idle(time: float)</td><td>null</td><td>Causes the (AI) shifter to idle for time seconds before beginning to wander. During idle the titan will not react or move at all.</td></tr><tr><td>Wander()</td><td>null</td><td>Causes the (AI) shifter to cancel any move commands and begin wandering randomly.</td></tr><tr><td>Emote(emote: string)</td><td>null</td><td>Causes the shifter to emote.</td></tr></tbody></table>

