# Camera

Camera functions.

<table><thead><tr><th width="218">Field</th><th width="151">Returns</th><th width="113">Readonly</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>IsManual</td><td>bool</td><td>true</td><td>Is camera in manual mode.</td></tr><tr><td>Position</td><td>Vector3</td><td>true</td><td>Current camera position.</td></tr><tr><td>Rotation</td><td>Vector3</td><td>true</td><td>Current camera rotation.</td></tr><tr><td>Velocity</td><td>Vector3</td><td>true</td><td>Current camera velocity, if set using SetVelocity().</td></tr><tr><td>FOV</td><td>float</td><td>true</td><td>Current camera field of view if set using SetFOV().</td></tr><tr><td>FollowDistance</td><td>float</td><td>false</td><td>Current camera follow distance from target character.</td></tr><tr><td>Forward</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>The forward direction of the camera.</td></tr><tr><td>Right</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>The right direction of the camera.</td></tr><tr><td>Up</td><td>Vector3</td><td>false</td><td>The up direction of the camera.</td></tr><tr><td>CameraMode</td><td>String</td><td>true</td><td>The camera mode.</td></tr></tbody></table>

<table><thead><tr><th width="271">Function</th><th width="101.33333333333331">Returns</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>SetManual(bool)</td><td>null</td><td>Sets the camera manual mode. If true, camera will only be controlled by custom logic. If false, camera will follow the spawned or spectated player and read input.</td></tr><tr><td>SetPosition(position: Vector3)</td><td>null</td><td>Sets camera position.</td></tr><tr><td>SetRotation(rotation: Vector3)</td><td>null</td><td>Sets camera rotation.</td></tr><tr><td>SetVelocity(rotation: Vector3)</td><td>null</td><td>Sets camera velocity.</td></tr><tr><td>LookAt(position: Vector3)</td><td>null</td><td>Sets the camera forward direction such that it is looking at a world position.</td></tr><tr><td>SetFOV(fov: float)</td><td>null</td><td>Sets the camera field of view. Use 0 to use the default field of view.</td></tr><tr><td>SetCameraMode(mode: string)</td><td>null</td><td>Forces the player to use a certain camera mode, taking priority over their camera setting. Accepted values are TPS, Original, FPS.</td></tr><tr><td>ResetDistance()</td><td>null</td><td>Resets the follow distance to player's settings.</td></tr><tr><td>ResetCameraMode()</td><td>null</td><td>Resets the camera mode to player's settings.</td></tr></tbody></table>
