# Input

Reading player key inputs. Note that inputs are best handled in OnFrame rather than OnTick, due to being updated every frame and not every physics tick.

<table><thead><tr><th width="248">Function</th><th width="101.33333333333331">Returns</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>GetKeyName(key: string)</td><td>string</td><td>Gets the key name the player assigned to the key setting. Example: GetKeyName("General/Forward") will return the keybind at that setting. All input names can be found <a href="https://github.com/AoTTG-2/Aottg2-Unity/tree/main/Assets/Scripts/Settings/Input">Here</a>, with the file name being the category and the left-hand variable being the key name. For example, TitanInputSettings.cs contains the variable CoverNape, which can be referenced as "Titan/CoverNape".</td></tr><tr><td>GetKeyHold(key: string)</td><td>bool</td><td>Whether or not the key is being held down. Example: GetKey("Human/HookLeft")</td></tr><tr><td>GetKeyDown(key: string)</td><td>bool</td><td>Whether or not the key is first pressed this frame.</td></tr><tr><td>GetKeyUp(key: string)</td><td>bool</td><td>Whether or not the key is first released this frame.</td></tr><tr><td>GetMouseAim()</td><td>Vector3</td><td>Gets a Vector3 that represents the point the mouse pointer is aiming at. Note that this is not a direction but a world-space position of the closest object the mouse is aiming at.</td></tr><tr><td>GetMouseSpeed()</td><td>Vector3</td><td>Gets the user mouse speed.</td></tr><tr><td>GetMousePosition()</td><td>Vector3</td><td>Gets the user mouse position.</td></tr><tr><td>CursorAimDirection()</td><td>Vector3</td><td>Gets the direction ray of the cursor.</td></tr><tr><td>GetScreenDimensions()</td><td>Vector3</td><td>Gets the user screen dimensions.</td></tr><tr><td>SetKeyDefaultEnabled(key: string)</td><td>null</td><td>Whether or not keybind default behavior is enabled. If set to false, the keybind will not trigger the normal in-game action.</td></tr><tr><td>SetKeyHold(key: string)</td><td>null</td><td>Whether or not the keybind is simulated to be held. If set to true, the game will act as if the player is holding down the key.</td></tr></tbody></table>

