# Map

Finding, creating, and destroying map objects.

<table><thead><tr><th width="291">Function</th><th width="160.33333333333331">Returns</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>FindAllMapObjects()</td><td>List(MapObject)</td><td>Returns all map objects in the game.</td></tr><tr><td>FindMapObjectByName(name: string)</td><td>MapObject</td><td>Returns the first map object matching the given name</td></tr><tr><td>FindMapObjectsByName(name: string)</td><td>List(MapObject)</td><td>Returns a list of map objects matching the given name</td></tr><tr><td>FindMapObjectByID(id: int)</td><td>MapObject</td><td>Returns the map object matching ID.</td></tr><tr><td>FindMapObjectByTag(tag: string)</td><td>MapObject</td><td>Returns the first map object that has a tag component matching the given name</td></tr><tr><td>FindMapObjectsByTag(tag: string)</td><td>List(MapObject)</td><td>Returns a list of map objects matching the given tag</td></tr><tr><td>FindMapObjectsByComponent</td><td>List(MapObject)</td><td>Returns a list of map objects which have the corresponding CL component attached</td></tr><tr><td>CreateMapObjectRaw(data: string)</td><td>MapObject</td><td>Creates a map object given the raw data string, which corresponds to a map file CSV row</td></tr><tr><td>DestroyMapObject(obj: MapObject, includeChildren: bool)</td><td>null</td><td>Destroys the given map object, and its children if includeChildren is true.</td></tr><tr><td>CopyMapObject(obj: MapObject, includeChildren: bool)</td><td>MapObject</td><td>Creates a copy of the given map object, and its children if includeChildren is true.</td></tr><tr><td>DestroyMapTargetable(obj: MapTargetable)</td><td>null</td><td>Destroys the given map targetable (see MapObject on creating AI targets).</td></tr><tr><td>UpdateNavMesh</td><td>null</td><td>Updates the Navmesh (host only). This operation may take a while depending on the map size. If you have a bad computer, please use UpdateNavMeshAsync to avoid disconnecting due to the non-async method hanging. (honestly I have no idea why you would want to use this but whatever)</td></tr><tr><td>UpdateNavMeshAsync</td><td>null</td><td>Updates the Navmesh (host only) asynchronously and (hopefully) should not hang. This process is still somewhat CPU intensive so maybe pause the game or add in a loading screen when using this. For realtime dynamic changes to the map, please use the NavMeshObstacle Component.</td></tr></tbody></table>

