# String

String manipulation functions.

| Field   | Returns | Description                    |
| ------- | ------- | ------------------------------ |
| Newline | string  | Returns the newline character. |

<table><thead><tr><th>Function</th><th width="116.33333333333331">Returns</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>FormatFloat(num: float, decimals: int)</td><td>string</td><td>Format the float to decimal places.</td></tr><tr><td>FormatFromList(value : string, formatter : list)</td><td>string</td><td>Equivalent to C# string.format(string, List&#x3C;string>)</td></tr><tr><td>Split(value: string, splitter : string | list&#x3C;string>, removeEmpty=False)</td><td>List(string)</td><td>Split the string into a list. Can pass in either a string to split on or a list of strings to split on, the last optional param can remove all empty entries.</td></tr><tr><td>Join(value: List, separator: string)</td><td>string</td><td>Join the list into a string.</td></tr><tr><td>Substring(value: string, startIndex: int)</td><td>string</td><td>Substring of string from startIndex.</td></tr><tr><td>SubstringWithLength(value: string, startIndex: int, length: int)</td><td></td><td>Substring of string from startIndex and with given length.</td></tr><tr><td>Length(value: string)</td><td>int</td><td>Length of the string.</td></tr><tr><td>Replace(value: string, match: string, with: string)</td><td>string</td><td>Replace all matches in the string with the replacement.</td></tr><tr><td>Contains(value: string, match: string)</td><td>bool</td><td>If the string contains match.</td></tr><tr><td>IndexOf(value: string, item: string)</td><td>int</td><td>Returns the index of the given string.</td></tr><tr><td>StartsWith(value: string, match: string)</td><td>bool</td><td>If the string starts with match.</td></tr><tr><td>EndsWith(value: string, match: string)</td><td>bool</td><td>If the string ends with match.</td></tr><tr><td>Trim(value: string)</td><td>string</td><td>Trim all whitespace from start and end of string.</td></tr><tr><td>Insert(value: string, insert: string, index: int)</td><td>string</td><td>Insert a string at given index.</td></tr><tr><td>Capitalize(value: string)</td><td>string</td><td>Capitalizes the first letter of the string.</td></tr><tr><td>ToUpper(value: string)</td><td>string</td><td>Returns string in upper case.</td></tr><tr><td>ToLower(value: string)</td><td>string</td><td>Returns string in lower case.</td></tr></tbody></table>

